en: add how to delete backup cr (#603)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-on-aws-eks.md

    kubectl --kubeconfig credentials/kubeconfig_${eks_name} create -f db-monitor.yaml -n ${namespace}
    ```

4. View the startup status of the TiDB cluster:

    {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

    ```shell
    kubectl --kubeconfig credentials/kubeconfig_${eks_name} get pods -n ${namespace}
    ```

>     When all the Pods are in the `Running` and `Ready` states, the TiDB cluster is successfully started. For example:

Reviewer: It seems that "or" is more appropriate?
```suggestion
    When all the Pods are in the `Running` or `Ready` state, the TiDB cluster is successfully started. For example:
```
